# Summary

The Python script generates audio files for notes in the musical scale from A to G, and then uses the 'sox' utility to adjust the gain of each audio file.

The 'create_wave_file' function generates a sine wave with the specified frequency, duration, and volume, and then writes the waveform to an audio file with the specified name.

The script then creates a list of notes and a corresponding list of frequencies for each note. It uses a loop to iterate over the list of notes and generate an audio file for each note using the 'create_wave_file' function.

After generating the audio files, the script uses the 'subprocess' module to run the 'sox' utility and adjust the gain of each audio file. Finally, it uses the 'os' module to delete the original audio files that were generated by the 'create_wave_file' function.

Overall, the script generates audio files for notes in the musical scale from A to G, adjusts the gain of each audio file using 'sox', and then deletes the original audio files.

# Usage

    python musicalnotesgen.py

This will execute the script, which will generate audio files for notes in the musical scale from A to G, adjust the gain of each audio file using sox, and then delete the original audio files.

The audio files will be saved in the same directory as the script file. You can use a media player to play the audio files and listen to the notes.

# Why the need for sox
Because for some weird freakin' reason the audio files generated by the script have an absurdly high volume that will destroy your ears.

# Dependencies

    wave
    struct
    math
    subprocess
    os

You will also need to have sox installed on your system. sox is a command-line utility that can be used to manipulate audio files. To install sox, you will need to follow the instructions for your specific operating system.

# How to install sox

Linux | Ubuntu

    sudo apt-get install sox

Linux | Red Hat

    sudo yum install sox

Linux | Arch & Manjaro

    sudo pacman -S sox

MacOS (I have not tested)
On MacOS, you can use 'brew' to install 'sox'. If you don't have brew installed, you can install it by running the following command:

    /bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install.sh)"

Once brew is installed, you can use the following command to install sox:

    brew install sox

Windows (I have not tested and don't know if it works at all)
On Windows, you can download the sox installer from the following URL:

    https://sourceforge.net/projects/sox/files/sox/

After downloading the installer, double-click on it to start the installation process. Follow the prompts to complete the installation.
